MissionLab version 7.0
Released July 2006

"Copyright 1994 - 2006
Georgia Tech Research Corporation (GTRC)
Atlanta, Georgia  30332-0415
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

This software may be modified, copied and redistributed, both within
the recipient's organization and externally, subject to the following
restrictions:
  (a) The recipient may not derive income for the Georgia Tech Research
      Corporation (herein \"GTRC\") software itself;
  (b) In any derivative works based on this software, the recipient agrees
      to acknowledge GTRC;
  (c) Any copies made of this software must be accompanied by the following
      copyright notice: \"Copyright 1994 - 2006  Georgia Tech Research
      Corporation. All rights Reserved.\"; and
  (d) The recipient agrees to obey all U.S. Government restrictions governing
      redistribution or export of such information.

These restrictions may apply to redistribution within an international
organization. GTRC makes no warranties or representations, either expressed
or implied, with respect to the software contained herein, its quality,
merchantability, performance or fitness for a particular purpose. In no event
shall GTRC or its developers, directors, officers, employees or affiliates be
liable for direct, incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages
(including damages or loss of business profits, business interruption, loss
of business information and the like) resulting from any defect in this
software or its documentation or arising out of the use or inability to use
this software or accompanying documentation even if GTRC, an authorized
representative or a GTRC affiliate has been advised of the possibility of such
damage. GTRC makes no representation or warranty regarding the results
obtainable through use of this software. No oral or written information or
advice given by GTRC, its dealers, distributors, agents, affiliates, developers,
directors, officers or employees shall create a warranty or in any way increase
the scope of this warranty. This software was developed with ARPA Grant number
N00014-94-1-0215 and funded by DARPA under contract number DAAE07-98-C-LO38,
and DARPA / U.S. Army SMDC under contract number DASG60-99-C-0081, DARPA / DOI
contract number NBCH1020012, and NAVAIR Intelligent Autonomy program."


Several additional software packages are distributed with MissionLab, their
copyrights are included below:


IPT is "(c) 1995, Carnegie Mellon University. All Rights Reserved." This
software is made available for academic and research purposes only. No
commercial license is hereby granted.  Copying and other reproduction is
authorized only for research, education, and other non-commercial
purposes.  No warranties, either expressed or implied, are made
regarding the operation, use, or results of the software.


CMDLi:
CMDLi is (c) 1996 - 2003 by Mobile Intelligence Corporation.  All rights
reserved.

CTHREADS:
CThreads is (c) 1997 by the Georgia Institute of Technology.  All rights
reserved.
